this aerocart one and this is an
unboxing as Asus x200
this is actually not mine it's a family
members but they're going to let me in
box it and share if you all hate it so
let's get into the specs and see if we
can zoom in here focus there we go so
colors black it's 11 inch screen it has
320 gigs of hard drive space this is the
4 gig of ram model and it has a built in
battery you can't take it out and i
believe this is like two hundred and
sixty-nine dollars at Best Buy I'll post
some links in the description below this
video to places you can pick up this
laptop if you're interested in it people
like to see the box sometimes right in
the back
sicker barcodes
here's front nice thing about theses
laptop seems you come with a warranty
that's a fairly nice little protection
case it comes in laptops pretty light so
here it is out of the box
these batteries right there you can't
take it out stuck in there everything I
believe is soldered on here so there's
no upgrading or changing but it does
have an SD slot there's the headset jack
you got two USB ports an Ethernet port
two
around this side we have an HDMI port
which is very nice USB 3.0 the power and
VGA ax4 display as well
a second one has a protective case
there's a keyboard it's not backlit the
laptop is touchscreen which is pretty
nice
it's kinda like it like when those
tablet laptops but it doesn't actually
take off like a tablet you can you can't
take the screen off cool laptop no just
drive so you'd have to get one
separately but most of its size of my
iPad this one and the reason why they
bottom was they're going into networking
and IT support and they need something
light easy to carry around something
that's very adaptable yeah mostly they
work on PC so no they get the ethernet
cord which is really good for them
plug in test internet connections all
that good stuff too and 50 bucks you
know to drop it gets messed up get some
pictures so badly viruses from
connecting other pewters or something
them well it wasn't like a few thousand
dollar purchases so that's another good
thing about it granted
we can take anything that gets put on
this off but video games you're going to
in video games a relative my cousin that
has one of these already
he's been playing Skyrim the games
that I don't know what's Eddie he's been
playing on I'm pretty sure he played
Diablo we're all craft all that on this
thing is pretty crazy
no it only has an i3 on it Cory three
but do something like gaming
I don't know about the heating issues
see you back here if I can get better
into the CPU no really say with the
I'll I'll post the specs the full in
specs of this laptop in the description
and hopefully they'll have already came
to do some gaming reviews I don't know
what they want installed on this so
that's why I haven't turned it on or
installed it or in this as there's not
mine but yeah if they saw some games on
it I'll definitely do another video of
it playing some games and doing some mom
bringing some software and stuff well
this was an unboxing of the issues X 200
notebook PC as always thanks again for
watching
take care